[CCM-OPT] Add New Recs to CCM Recommendations Page (#33451)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/recommendations/_index.md

      recommendation_type: Terminate Network Load Balancer
      recommendation_description: A network load balancer with 0 processed bytes.
      recommendation_prerequisites: ""
    - category: Downsize
      cloud_provider: AWS
      resource_type: Lambda
      recommendation_type: Downsize Lambda Provisioned Concurrency
      recommendation_description: AWS Lambda function with over-allocated provisioned concurrency.
      recommendation_prerequisites: ""
    - category: Terminate
      cloud_provider: AWS
      resource_type: CloudWatch Logs
      recommendation_type: Delete Lambda Cloudwatch Logs and write permissions

>       recommendation_description: Lambda function that can have write CloudWatch Logs permissions removed.

Reviewer: perhaps:
```suggestion
      recommendation_description: Remove write permissions for Lambda CloudWatch Logs to prevent further unnecessary logging.
```
